Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, enjoy the hair while it still is on his head.
Nick Roussos: True.
Kostadis Roussos: Demos.
Nick Roussos: Oh, yeah.
Dimos: Ugh.
Dimos: I have one month, probably, with that hair.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… and then a whole year with no hair.
Dimos: That's gonna be very nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, alright. So, just to remind you what was going on, you arrived in, Mayor Medra.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to remind you, you were… after having defeated the,
Kostadis Roussos: After having defeated Malkin Grenenfield in Hillsvar, the Emerald Enclave and others reached out to you to tell you of a new threat, including your friend Charles.
Kostadis Roussos: In the Underdark.
Kostadis Roussos: the fire giants of Mayor Midra had made a pact with
Kostadis Roussos: grasped the demon who had taken control of Malcolm Grenenfeld.
Kostadis Roussos: And we're being infused with demonic power, and running… rampaging through the Underdark, and soon… the surface world.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: So the next… so after you went into the Underdark to go find a, an alchemist…
Kostadis Roussos: and take him to Solomon Edrosak, who promised to be able to fix… to come up with a solution to these… these demonic infestation.
Kostadis Roussos: Along your way, you met… you went to Maramil Vos, where the alchemist was being kept.
Kostadis Roussos: And you made a deal with Mara Milvas as you… to get the Alchemist. As you left the deal, the Ultraloth made a deal with Felcor about his,
Kostadis Roussos: His accidental theft of a powerful artifact.
Kostadis Roussos: He is the city of Molemaster, which is a place where there are powerful magic users and powerful wizards, from where Malcolm Grennenfeld ironically comes from.
Kostadis Roussos: Lost a particular magical artifact That… rather, that was stolen and then returned.
Kostadis Roussos: which they felt was stolen by some powerful, invisible ghost thief that… and the artifact had the ability to penetrate into the walls of the most secret of secret places of Molemaster.
Kostadis Roussos: Ironically, a Felcor stole it, didn't know what it was, accidentally manipulated it, giving him perfect high… perfect, divination.
Kostadis Roussos: And sold it for 45 gold pieces to go get some beer.
Nick Roussos: Yes, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: As a result, the people… the city of Mullmaster has spent years looking for Felcourt, looking for this.
Kostadis Roussos: powerful, ultra-powerful, invisible spy that came in there, stole the artifact, got whatever they needed, and returned it, almost as a, I don't… as a FU to the entire Mole Master hierarchy.
Kostadis Roussos: Several inquisitors have been executed, this has become quite the topic.
Kostadis Roussos: of discussion in Mole Master, kind of like…
Nick Roussos: Just drunk, bro.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, you were sadly too sober. That's the way we were.
Dimos: It was a challenge, it was a challenge.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it wasn't, he just saw it, he picked it up, and what happened was that as he was playing with it, he manipulated it just enough to give him perfect protection from scrying, because apparently that was one of the things it can do.
Kostadis Roussos: So, they found the person who bought it, but the person… so anyway, so as a result of all of this, so, Maramil Voss told them that the Mole Masters are headed towards,
Kostadis Roussos: to Miramindra, where they have critical… have a book that he wants, called The Lexicon of Oaths, and he's told Felcor if he doesn't get the book, Felcor's true identity will be revealed.
Kostadis Roussos: So imagine an army of 20th level magic users all coming down to hunt down Felcor.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you guys are headed into… and so… so that was the… so you've got this deal, and if you don't get it, you know, so that's the sense of the deal. So you've arrived in Miramidra. When arriving in Merr Midra, you met Pipyap, who told you the situation that's evolved
Kostadis Roussos: Which is that there is another Ultraloth, Arcano Loth, I can't remember off the top of my head, called Vraxen.
Kostadis Roussos: Vraxen is currently in… is currently acting as… Enforcer of Grasts Contracts.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Ultraloths, Yugolots, Arcanalots, their role in the blood war is sort of like the mercenaries and the lawyers.
Kostadis Roussos: Between the two factions.
Kostadis Roussos: They're the ones who… if you want to make a deal between factions, you bring one of those guys in there.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Vaxen has taken over the spire, and he's currently, you know, not managing the situation, but making sure that what Grass wants happens.
Kostadis Roussos: what Piphiapis further told… what Pipyap has told you… further told you is Vraxen has,
Kostadis Roussos: Has, has gotten… has… has been…
Kostadis Roussos: inspecting the money that Beepbeard claims is being spent in the Colosseum.
Kostadis Roussos: And discovered that there are discrepancies. So Vepyard is a fire giant that has… is mutated, and he's got…
Kostadis Roussos: he's involved in the, that's the word I'm looking for? He's… he's, running the Colosseum, and, you know, Braxton is also running the Colosseum, and as you would expect from a fire giant who's got abyssal taint, he's not being quite as honest as he should with the accounting.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And the third point you know is that one of… and the other third thing that Pip Yap told you is that one of the high clerics of Molemaster is in the… is also in town, and that all of them are having a dinner today.
Kostadis Roussos: what you know is the Lexicon of Oaths is in the tower, and so your plan… is to…
Kostadis Roussos: And that's where we are right now. Your plan is to seize Brandeer, one of the fire giants, put him in your portable hole.
Kostadis Roussos: Run to the spire, bluff your way into the dinner, cause all sorts of chaos to happen between the various parties at the dinner, seize the key, climb up the spire, grab the Lexicon of Oaths, and then teleport out of there.
Kostadis Roussos: Make sense?
Dimos: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: do you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: But I'm just saying, like, now that I say it, it sounds even more ridiculous.
Dimos: I don't understand why, it's a perfectly good plum.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay, so that's… that was the plan you guys came up with.
Dimos: It's gonna work just fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let's go into Rule 20, because we're now in phase one of the plan. How do we take this giant down?
Dimos: I think we have set the plan, but I don't remember what the plan was.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's just a… I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: Who's… Let me just find the time…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what you want to use is a specialized magical token to cast a powerful sleep spell directly on Brander, hoping to bypass her massive physical defenses. Once the giant is rendered unconscious, the playerdy plans to cast the reduction spell to shrink her massive frame down to her imaginable side.
Kostadis Roussos: After she has shrunk, they intend to shove her unconscious body into a portable hole equipped with a custom-built breathing apparatus.
Kostadis Roussos: The party carefully positions themselves around the perimeter of the courtyard, preparing to strike the moment the giant moves away from her demonic protectors. With their strategy finalized and their nerves steeled, the heroes grip their weapons and prepare to launch their ambush.
Kostadis Roussos: And so I think what we decided is you're using one of your tokens.
Dimos: Yeah, do someone learn the slips spell, or… I don't remember which spell one, but I was thinking.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm just saying, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just saying that that's the… so that was the special… that was what we discussed last time, according to the generated summaries.
Dimos: I just thought a plant that might be crazy, but might work.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm all, I'm all for crazy plans.
Dimos: So, what about we make the giant slip.
Dimos: We shrink it, and Akritas, being invisible and have, the entrees, the spell that gives plus 10…
Dimos: to stealth.
Kostadis Roussos: Pass without… Pass Without Trace?
Dimos: Pass Without Trace, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: She's… Invisible and pass without trace. Okay, so clearly, if, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: That happens, everybody's gonna start looking around, so she'll have to beat people stealth and… but, you know, it's a good plan.
Dimos: I mean, this is gonna be invisible, this is gonna be fast.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I'm just saying, it's a plan. It's a plan.
Dimos: I mean… Is it a budplong?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not a bad pan, I'm just… I just… I just need to… hold on. I keep launching the wrong game.
Kostadis Roussos: Beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: If I look a little bit in pain, it's because yesterday I discovered… That, you know… I'm not… But…
Kostadis Roussos: I've been… That's the word I'm looking for.
Kostadis Roussos: I've been, losing weight thanks to, chemistry.
Kostadis Roussos: But one of the consequences… but one of the consequences of losing weight because of chemistry is my body…
Kostadis Roussos: now eats a lot less than it used to, which is fine, which is great, which is exactly what I wanted, but one of the downsides of eating a lot less is that
Kostadis Roussos: My usual pattern for what I need to do to not gain weight.
Kostadis Roussos: Is… assumes that I always have a large amount of body fat.
Kostadis Roussos: And I've already… I'm already… I always overeat, right?
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: So when I go on a long bike ride, I don't really need to… I just need to eat to sustain my calories. I never really go into a calorie deficit.
Kostadis Roussos: But now, I don't eat very much, and so I went on a two-hour bike ride, and all I had eaten before was a… two eggs and a salad, and not even a full salad.
Nick Roussos: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, I bonked hard.
Kostadis Roussos: I, like, bonked hard. Alright, okay, so, what was your thinking?
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's just check the sleep spells so we know exactly… I mean, you could change the sleep spell, so this is not a big deal, we just… I just need to check what it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Computer…
Dimos: I mean, yes, something to put it unconscious, or…
Dimos: Do we even need a slip skill? Oh, yeah, because Shrink needs two saving throws, right?
Dimos: Or sleep does do 7 throws.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, each creature of your choice in a 5-foot radius sphere centered on a point within a range must succeed on a wisdom throw or have the incapacitation condition until the end of its next turn, at which point it must repeat the says.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, that's how the sleep spell works.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what you would need to do is cast Sleep, somebody would have to cast Reduce.
Kostadis Roussos: And then somebody would have to go steal him. Does that make sense?
Dimos: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So?
Dimos: Don't… I'm trying to remember,
Dimos: We got a juice spell, or does some hot air juice?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you've got a reduced phone.
Dimos: I mean, scroll, sorry, scroll. Yeah, you got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you gotta reduce… yeah, you gotta reduce scroll.
Dimos: Okay.
Dimos: So… someone has to do the sleeping spell, a reduced spell, and Akitos has to go get him fast.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Do you want to try that?
Dimos: Okay, so…
Nick Roussos: Nope.
Dimos: Diane, will use, his sonic power so he can get Akritas back to where we are.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: So, Diane cannot… do a spell, okay, that's what we've been going down, so…
Dimos: So, I guess Falgar has to do the reduce spell, and Browngreen will learn the slips spell to do?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: Alright.
Dimos: Remind me something. So, you said,
Dimos: The Zion has to do one… For sleep.
Dimos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Has to do saving throw, yes.
Dimos: One saving turn or two.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: And because he's gonna be asleep, probably, he's not gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's interesting.
Dimos: Doesn't need a saving… doesn't need a saving throw for the reduced bill.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't take any action, bonus action or reaction, your concentration is broken, you can't speak.
Dimos: Okay… And what's the 7th row for the sleep?
Kostadis Roussos: Music?
Dimos: is the CBDC of the magic user, if I remember correct?
Kostadis Roussos: The sister syndrome?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so if he's unconscious, he can't be neither willing… if he's incapacitated, he can neither be willing or unwilling.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it'll automatically work.
Dimos: Very useful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The only downside, though, is that it only reduces it by one size, but a medium-sized creature, he's a giant size, so you'd need to cast it twice.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: I will not charge you an extra reduce magical… do I charge you an extra magical token for that?
Kostadis Roussos: Or no, because you would have figured that, you would have looked at that. Okay, so you have two reduced spells.
Nick Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Or do you… or do you know the Spelnick?
Nick Roussos: No, I don't, I don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: Okay, I'm trying to, fail to try to get this unconsciously.
Dimos: What happens if he succeeds?
Dimos: The saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to do it the hard way.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see, so you're probably wondering, what is the saving throw of a fire giant?
Dimos: I mean, will they know that we are there if the giant succeeds?
Dimos: There.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you got… you have a surprise round, right?
Dimos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: So, in the surprise round, you can run in and do all sorts of crazy things.
Kostadis Roussos: like, what you would do is you would have Brahm… Diane would cast… so, Akritas.
Kostadis Roussos: Felcro casts the sleep spell, right?
Dimos: Because it has the bigger, save DC…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Bromgrim, Crests, Reduce.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And Diane casts Reduce, Akritas comes and grabs the creature.
Dimos: I mean, yeah, okay.
Dimos: So, what is the wisdom of a fire science?
Kostadis Roussos: vergent.
Kostadis Roussos: 14.
Kostadis Roussos: plus 2. That was a plus 2.
Dimos: It's a plus 2, okay, so he will need a 17 or higher. That's good odds.
Dimos: So, if he is incapacitated, the reduced belt works automatically, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Otherwise, he gets a saving throw.
Dimos: So, it doesn't need to be on cotton shoes, that's good. Okay, I mean, yeah, the plan seems… it's gonna work, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, right.
Dimos: Okay, so, yeah, that's the plan, so…
Dimos: A creators will run down while using hair.
Dimos: Fit of nature's veil to be invisible, along with what he's wearing and carrying.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: Diane Bramco mildews, and Felcor will use sleep, and then… Diane?
Kostadis Roussos: And then we'll figure out what happens after that.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, like they say, that's a good opening maneuver.
Kostadis Roussos: What does the owlbear do?
Dimos: Prepares an attack if something goes wrong to go down an attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Everybody… Nick, you cool with this plan?
Nick Roussos: Yes, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, where's the sheet?
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's go to Sheets.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, did I tell you I've been… I've gotten a little bit crazy on my, programming?
Dimos: I saw some of your blog posts.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I have gone completely insane.
Kostadis Roussos: As, as…
Dimos: I want to ask, what's your AI stack that you are using?
Dimos: I guess codes?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I'm using Claude Code at home and cursor at work.
Kostadis Roussos: For sure.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: We'll talk about it later. Alright. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I… good news is we've already added everybody here, so we're ready to go. Alright, initiative has been rolled. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Velcor, cast the spell. What's your DC?
Kostadis Roussos: Spell DC.
Dimos: 19.
Nick Roussos: 19.
Nick Roussos: 18 or 19? Actually, it might be higher.
Nick Roussos: 19, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nick Roussos: I wish I didn't add it to my known spells.
Kostadis Roussos: No, we already established, you, you, you used one of your tokens to grab that as one of your spells, so you're down to four tokens.
Nick Roussos: No, I know, I forgot to add it physically to my character.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. Okay. Okay.
Nick Roussos: sleep, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! He blows the saving throw!
Nick Roussos: There's a sleeve.
Dimos: He is asleep!
Dimos: Acritas uses the vial, the nature of vial, and Brahm Kurmeade uses the reduce.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: So, yeah.
Dimos: Let's assume that's our position.
Kostadis Roussos: It reduces… And he reduces.
Dimos: Okay, and Akritas comes get him?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and shoves him into the bag.
Dimos: And second dust, right?
Dimos: Because the vial is a bonus action.
Dimos: So, as an actor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, no, no, I'm just, I'm just trying to decide here.
Dimos: Beside what?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, strictly speaking, shoving a human being into a portable hole is an action.
Dimos: You're not solving it, you just… Like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, dude, I'm telling you what it is, right?
Kostadis Roussos: There's always the opportunity to have used a haste or a potion of speed before this.
Dimos: I don't think we have any weight, maybe we'.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you do have 4 more tokens.
Dimos: Ugh.
Dimos: Okay, so that's the action. I saw the…
Dimos: Sakrita solves that there, that's the action, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Question. Is there a hiding place behind here?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yes, she could go hide there, yes.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: be look… they would be looking for her. And by the way, this is when the owlbear appearing might be a good thing.
Dimos: Oppearing? Why?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, because if the Albert runs this way, where do you think the Cambians… what do you think the Cambians are gonna think?
Dimos: Well, we have one round that we can use to distract them with illusions.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright.
Dimos: So.
Kostadis Roussos: You have managed… you have managed to capture… to put the… the drag… the giant in his place. Alright.
Dimos: Great.
Dimos: So, that's the end of our surprise turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, that we…
Dimos: Diane's turn, right? Oh, no, it's Cambion. Akritas is still invisible until the start of her next turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can we just, like, move these two guys together? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I will just keep them here. I'll just put him over here, and wherever Akritas is, he's in the portable hole.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that Kritas there, visible, or is she, like, where is she exactly?
Dimos: Is there invisible, I don't know if she can technically hide behind here, I don't know how to make it look…
Dimos: Lex is hiding.
Kostadis Roussos: There.
Kostadis Roussos: That's, that's, that's the food.
Kostadis Roussos: That's sufficient.
Dimos: Not on top, but this is not on the top with the other guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Are the other guys are on top of the pillars?
Dimos: No, we are… that's a courtyard, so we are in the ceiling, the roof.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not a… it's an open courtyard, so you're on the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: This area around here is… there's no up. It's just a bunch of pillars, and on top of the pillars, there's fire.
Dimos: You know, what's in the white space?
Kostadis Roussos: Courtyard. More… this is sort of like a ritual area, so if you imagine it, There's, like, a…
Dimos: Because I imagine, like, a tower that's with just an open roof.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Dimos: This is, like, roof stuff and.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Dimos: Okay… So, we're visible.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you would be visible.
Dimos: But we have also, that untrace thing, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Dimos: space.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so, like, clearly, they're gonna see… they're gonna go look for you, right? And so using your spells kind of…
Kostadis Roussos: Now that you use your spells, you can now stay there and make a nice, juicy target, or you can move. So, does everybody stay there, or do you start running?
Dimos: Western. Ron…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Okay, so…
Dimos: Well, anyone except Akritas, because Akritas doesn't have another… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you guys are… alright, you guys are all starting to run. Alright. So, just as a side note, the Pass Without Trace assumes that Akritas… who's cast Pass Without Trace?
Dimos: Caritas?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the problem is, test with… pass with that.
Dimos: I have to go closer, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: You have to be close to here, okay.
Dimos: So, yeah, we… we are gonna be just… Like, kinda hiding?
Dimos: Behind the.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, at least you're gonna give yourself some cover, alright?
Dimos: Yeah, and we have the pass without trace. That's 15 already, so it covers all of them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, this is supposed to look like Grast's demonic hand, and you'll notice the six fingers.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And let me just read to you the description of the area. I realize that I should have done that just to refresh your memories.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: Atop the plateau on the western end of the cavern sits a small number of broad estates for what seems like important giants of Merrida. Slaves are well-dressed, and the general feary chaos of the rest of the city is somewhat muted here. On the south end of the plateau stands a courtyard with a polished obsidian floor surrounded by ebony pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: A six-figured hand is emblased in crimson on each of the pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so imagine this is on each one of the pillars. Alright, so you've managed… okay.
Dimos: I'm seeing… don't understand what's around the thing, but that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm opening…
Dimos: area?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, open area.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, let me… actually, you know, great question, so let's, go over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Great question, because this is going to start to matter in a few minutes.
Dimos: I have a great question, Alfred.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on here. You asked, so I actually haven't answered your question.
Dimos: I have another great question, that's why I'm…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so anyway, so you guys see where… you guys see where… that's where you guys are.
Dimos: Okay, here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So, it's kind of open air with some rocks around here, or whatever are those.
Kostadis Roussos: Those are the… supposed to be the pillars.
Dimos: Oh, those are the pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: No, those are just rocks. Sorry, that… no, those are just rocks, sorry, take it back.
Dimos: Because that's… here is the stingy. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos: Okay.
Dimos: That's fine, yeah.
Dimos: Right. So we'll be running, like, I guess here, or here, depending on which way we're looking the map.
Kostadis Roussos: So just assume you're looking both ways north, so, you know, we'll map…
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You're running towards there? Okay, cool.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: the Cambian…
Dimos: My second great question is, because their leader was kinda abducted out of nowhere.
Dimos: Do they still get surprised, or are they ready to fight?
Dimos: Are they, like, on a suck, or…
Dimos: Like, what just happened?
Nick Roussos: We don't ask questions.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is a good question.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I guess… I guess you should roll your stealth.
Dimos: I mean, we have plus 10.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't. I just realized something, because Akaritas cast her spell as a.
Dimos: Oh, right.
Kostadis Roussos: You made the right call.
Kostadis Roussos: Grabbing him… her going invisible was about the only way you could maintain this surprise.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, the demons, for example, could think it's something grass did, you know, they don't know, I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: People popping in and… people popping in and out of reality in their kind of worldview is not that strange. For all they know, grass is upset with the ritual. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: So they don't really know what's going on, so it's totally legitimate for them to be surprised.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
Dimos: surprised. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm assuming you… they didn't notice you, so you got to do one thing before they even did anything. Alright, so you did your thing, now you can see if they're actually surprised. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: But you don't get… so roll your stealth.
Dimos: Let's see… Down with 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Rom Grimm, is a clanker.
Dimos: As always.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to use a bardic inspiration on anybody?
Dimos: Probably, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I think this is wrong.
Dimos: Pencil, what's your…
Nick Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your… roll your, stealth.
Nick Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: I guess they cannot get help, right? Because…
Kostadis Roussos: But you can use your Bardic inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Felcor, clutch roll!
Nick Roussos: You know, we win these.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you managed to get a surprise round. Clutch roll, I'm going with the group initiative, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So the.
Dimos: Four of you.
Dimos: So should they get a help, or we don't need it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, well, no, no, because Felco rolled a 22, and Caritas rolled a 21, and Diane rolled, a 21, that's a majority of the party, and so I'm going with the group… the group thing. Does that make sense?
Dimos: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So I'm assuming, like, you guys kind of figure it out. Alright, the Cambians don't move. Alright, your turn, Diane.
Dimos: Okay, Diane…
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, if you're not… don't… if you want to move stealthily, you're gonna have to roll stealth, or show me, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Or do something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Diane, what's up?
Dimos: I mean, can't he just prepare to move when Akritas use buzz without trace?
Kostadis Roussos: What you could do is you could say, I'm gonna move… my action… my prepared action is after Kritas casts Pass Without Trace and she gets within 10 feet of me, I will move to stay within Pass Without Trace.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, is that what everybody's doing?
Dimos: Yeah?
Nick Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Caritas, why don't we just go to you, and we'll figure it out from there.
Dimos: Okay, so Kratos cast Pass Without Trace.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? She's cast… she's… you've marked these spells… she's cast 3 spells at the Dude.
Dimos: He doesn't… she doesn't have any second level spells.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: She has only 1sts and thirds.
Dimos: Okay. So, yes, he has 35 movements, so… Pass with that.
Kostadis Roussos: Trace is a bonus section?
Dimos: That's a good question, I believe so, but let me check.
Dimos: That's not a Cretus, that's a Cretus, pass without trace… Is an action, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… You can't dash, but you can definitely lose.
Dimos: So, everyone else starts moving.
Dimos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Dimos: We still have to get in 30 feet of a critas to have the phrase, and…
Dimos: I think we're just gonna be doing that until we get it clear.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, okay, so, alright, so you guys are trying to move, so you're trying to move stealthily away. Alright, so now…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, now we start proper grounds. Okay, the Cambion.
Kostadis Roussos: Looks around to see you guys.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Where are they? Where have they gone? What has happened to the king? And they pauses. Perhaps Garazzed was disappointed with the ritual, and has now… and perhaps the Arcanoloth has, noticed a discrepancy in the ritual. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: die in Europe.
Dimos: then does the same thing as last round, waiting for Akritas to go forward so he can go forward.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's… is that everybody doing that?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Dimos: Except, Nick, do you believe it's a good idea to make an illusion on the other end?
Dimos: So, to distract them?
Nick Roussos: Yeah?
Nick Roussos: Yes, I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, go for it.
Nick Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: Oh my god.
Nick Roussos: Well, I wish I'd.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys… okay, so let's just… to make this a little bit more legible.
Nick Roussos: Literally, I know, I… I just… where do you want me to put it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nick Roussos: Oh, whoops, you changed… no, sorry, alright, no, you're back.
Nick Roussos: Where do you want me to put an illusion?
Dimos: Like, the other end of… how far can you put an illusion between?
Nick Roussos: 30 feet, that's how far my mage hand can go.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't… can't you, okay.
Nick Roussos: It's… it's touch, and I can use Natran to put it other places.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you could put it, like, here.
Kostadis Roussos: Putting it this way is not a bad idea.
Dimos: Yeah, I…
Nick Roussos: That's not… that's more than 30 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm sorry, I was just… this is more directionally, like, here.
Kostadis Roussos: Putting it there.
Dimos: I'm trying to see if, I think psionic powers of Dan can help here.
Dimos: Okay, cool.
Dimos: To… where is it? Not the leap, where is it?
Dimos: Protective filter…
Dimos: Okay, so… Target, you can see within 30 feet, the target must be a loose object, and you can
Dimos: Transport target up to 30 feet, so we can…
Dimos: If you put it 30 feet away, Dan can go 30 feet
Dimos: More on the right, so we can… 60 feet away from us.
Nick Roussos: Alright, so where do you want to… Okay, Phil, where do you…
Dimos: So, I'm guessing just, like… We can put it here.
Kostadis Roussos: Or… so the thing was, if they go there, just roll and… if you roll and they're gonna go there, they would see you, so if you… just tactical awareness would say you want to move them, have them moving in this general direction.
Dimos: So, yeah, we can put it here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nick Roussos: Okay, I'll do that.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what do you, what sound, what sounds, what do you do? What kind of illusion do you put? What, what is the illusion?
Nick Roussos: Murmurings? Noises of, like, us murmuring or something?
Dimos: And footsteps, I guess?
Nick Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, first of all, before you do all of that, Diane has to… they get a chance to go, so…
Kostadis Roussos: RD20 plus 2… RD20 plus 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, they all blew…
Kostadis Roussos: their perception, they didn't see you. Alright, you throw the… the… you put the… they're now, like, going.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going with the grassed took him away theory.
Kostadis Roussos: Says one. The other one goes… the other one who's… goes, I think that Grast was not very happy with how the giant held his hand and said his worshipful prayers.
Kostadis Roussos: The third one says.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I've become… I'm under the conviction that the… that this whole experiment in fire, giant, demonic possession was actually… is that Grassed is actually seeing the folly of this. I think that demons should do demon work, and not resort to this kind of infusion. It's very… and the other one turns around… You do realize you're half demon, half human. Yes! I do!
Dimos: Okay, so they don't suspect that anyone took him.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So maybe we don't need the illusion?
Kostadis Roussos: Or you could change the illusion.
Kostadis Roussos: I've heard what.
Dimos: Congrats.
Kostadis Roussos: You've heard what grass sounds like. Remember, he screamed at you in Hillsfar?
Dimos: Yeah, so we can make, like, grass being annoyed at them.
Kostadis Roussos: Annoyed at the Giants.
Dimos: Generally on the thing, so they get scared too.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you want them to be scared, or do you want them to feel smug?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, a little bit of lore, just so you know, Cambians are literally humans who have been infused with demonic powers, so kind of like the fire giants.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Cambians kind of think they're special in the demon world, and they're probably… and being chaotic, evil, and crazy, and, you know, whatever, probably are not very happy about the fire giants having the same skill sets as they are. Plus, they look at the giants and go, these are more interesting, infused, humanoids. Maybe… maybe the giants will start… maybe the giants will get their position in the abyss.
Kostadis Roussos: So they're not entirely thrilled at the idea of this experiment of grass taking hold.
Dimos: So, we have to be, like, grasped going against the giants so they feel better.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, for example.
Dimos: Okay, that's… an idea, I guess, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Dimos: That's what, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: you almost don't know this, but Hugh Dian would.
Dimos: Oh, yeah.
Dimos: So yeah, we're gonna do that, so we know the voice. What do we need to roll to succeed to that crazy plan?
Kostadis Roussos: Deception.
Dimos: Deception, let's see who…
Kostadis Roussos: No, or no, the bard could use his performance.
Dimos: It's the same for Diane. It has plus 4 to both.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: So, deception or performance to… Make the voice…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, so deception, you're trying to convince them of something.
Kostadis Roussos: performance, you're trying to play into their paranoia. So, performance is gonna be… they're gonna be even more smug. Deception, you could try to get them to do something.
Kostadis Roussos: Performance will require a lower DC than deception.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 12 versus 16.
Dimos: So, performance, it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Ouch.
Dimos: wait, in my screen it says 24. I got a natural 20.
Kostadis Roussos: It does?
Dimos: In my screen…
Kostadis Roussos: I believe you… look, dude, I'm not gonna… I'm not gonna… if you say it says Natural 20, it says natural 20, I'm not gonna disagree.
Dimos: It's just weird that it's…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, you don't… you don't… oh, yeah, yes, the software engineer in you is wondering, how could there possibly be a bug?
Nick Roussos: Zimo, just for your, just for the funniness, if you want to know, the, the app that we are using for school has the
Nick Roussos: have the number for the cutoff for, like, what percent a letter is for a grade, so let's say, like, an A is 90%, set that
Nick Roussos: that number is set as an integer, and then the max grade you could have instead of the float. So, you can have, so, once you go above 2 billion percent, it ends up not having a…
Nick Roussos: It ends up not having a letter grade.
Kostadis Roussos: Vimos is surprised… Vimos is very surprised to discover that there are bugs in code.
Dimos: No, I'm not surprised, that's because… no, the thing is…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just kidding. I'm giving up.
Dimos: Until now, everything worked fine. I'm just surprised that a bug sewed up after a while that we are using those
Dimos: Extension.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I know, it's so surprising.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what I love about you the most is you're in that early phase of your career, where these things surprise you, rather than in my phase of my career, where if anything works, I'm surprised.
Dimos: I'm so surprised that they don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, dude.
Dimos: as they need.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, okay, so the… the Cambians, here… here they're… so you rolled a natural 20, right? Is that what I heard?
Dimos: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, not only do the Cambians, let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just… let me… let me see if I can come up with something funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, you, the giant… the Cambians are ecstatic. This is, like, this is, like, the best news they've heard all day.
Kostadis Roussos: One of them says, I told you! This was a terrible mistake, the other one goes, indeed it was. Thankfully, our Lord Grast has figured this out as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the four Cambians fall to their knees in extractive reverence. They fully believe Grast has personally intervened to remove or smite the unworthy fire jot-borne…
Kostadis Roussos: Fire-born giant. You have completely bypassed a city-wide manhunt.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: In addition, the Cambians are so thrilled by Grass's supposed disfavor towards the fire janids that they immediately abandon the unlit pillars at the six-fingered Courtyard to spread the revelation to the other demons in the cities. This leaves your path out of the courtyard and towards the elite district.
Kostadis Roussos: Still guarded, but no longer guard- you don't have to deal with demons.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, this rumor will spread like wildfire and play directly into your hands for the next phase of the heat heist. You are about to infiltrate the spire of inevitable reckoning to attend a dinner with the Arcanoloth and the Fireborn fire giant General Veprid. Your goal is to pit them against each other by revealing…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, what he's revealing. Because the Cambians are already spreading the word that Grast is turning against their giants, your accusations at the dinner table will hold more weight.
Kostadis Roussos: To reflect this, you're granted advantage on your upcoming deception, intimidation, or persuasion checks to incite the conflict between Vraxen and Vepred.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you may now proceed directly to the Spire of Inevitable Reckoning.
Dimos: Okay, great.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so that is the outcome of the natural 20. I thought you might… what do you guys think? I think that's appropriate.
Kostadis Roussos: Basically, the Cambians are like, PRAISE! Praise Grust! Praise Grust! Praise demons! The Cambience! Cambians!
Kostadis Roussos: So they're running around. They are… they are flying in every which direction, and they are paying no attention to you.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, they, of course, are going to have a very bad day when they discover
Kostadis Roussos: When they discover that Grassed did not do that, but, you know, that's their problem, not your problem. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, with no citywide manhunt going on, you're able to, I presume, navigate to here, walk down the pillars, cross.
Kostadis Roussos: this, and arrive at Vraxen's, spire.
Dimos: I guess, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, is that what you want to do? Do you want to, like, look for anything, or just take advantage of this miraculous turn of events and take advantage of it right away?
Nick Roussos: Just go. We just go.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna go.
Dimos: The question is, okay, so we now have to kind of plan how we're gonna go inside the tower, and maybe we'll have to go back to the lady to get some more spells?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, yes. So, okay, so let me just remind you. So now your problem is, how do I get into…
Kostadis Roussos: How do I…
Dimos: Yeah, my question is going to go to the imp that we have captured.
Kostadis Roussos: You haven't captured. He's, like, your friend. He goes, but it's not about capture, it's about friends.
Dimos: Yes, my friend, so tell us about the layout of the tower.
Kostadis Roussos: Well… He goes… he looks at you, do you have anything to eat?
Dimos: fine, just because your information so far has been very helpful, but if that doesn't… if you say you don't know, I'm gonna get it back.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, it's actually not that terrible. The Raxon assumes that because of his position with, within, Grassed hierarchy, and because, you know, Raxon always has a way to escape.
Kostadis Roussos: He doesn't really like to have lots of guards, but, you know, this is a city surrounded by demons and powerful entities, and he always likes to be prepared, so the trick is, you have to get through the main entrance. When you get through the main entrance, it opens up into the dining hall, where they're most likely having a meal.
Kostadis Roussos: The dining hall has a long table, there will be,
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what you would call them, slaves coming in and bringing food, and there would be discussion and wine with Vraxen sitting at the head of the table. Of course, this table is kind of weird, because you have to be able to sit a fire giant and a humanoid, but, you know, it'll make… they figure out how to make it work. It's kind of one of these really special tables, where when you sit down to it, everybody kind of looks the same.
Kostadis Roussos: From where they're sitting, even though they haven't changed size.
Kostadis Roussos: Raxon commissioned it specially for this kind of arrangement, because he always felt that it would be nice if everybody sort of just looked the same when they're at the dinner table. Makes the big, terrifying fire giant look less terrifying in the, because of his size.
Dimos: Okay…
Dimos: So what's the lead? Where are we gonna find the book? How are we gonna go upstairs? Do you have information on that?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that information! He goes home.
Dimos: And that, no, I have more questions for the dining table, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he goes, well, I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, that information would… you know, you see, you gave me one piece of food, and that's another question, so from my perspective, I think I need another piece of food.
Dimos: Okay, in extension, to be the previous question, so we don't give you more food.
Dimos: Is there, like…
Kostadis Roussos: You said, can I ask you a question? I said, can I have some food? That was clearly binding. One question, one piece of food.
Dimos: Okay, so I'm gonna give you one more question.
Kostadis Roussos: You asked the question, and when you asked the question, you did not say question 1, sub-question A, covered by the previous arrangement on the food. You, since you didn't say that…
Nick Roussos: Feed you your own finger.
Kostadis Roussos: Role in intimidation.
Nick Roussos: Did somebody else say that? Because I have a terrible intimidation.
Dimos: Okay, I think, brian has a good intimidation, yeah.
Nick Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you roll?
Dimos: Okay, on my screen it says 16, on roll 20 it says natural 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, whatever. 16. Okay, so for some reason, it's backlogged. It's showing the last… second-to-last roll. Alright.
Nick Roussos: 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you rolled a 16, yes? Yes, he has successfully… you successfully intimidated me. Okay, okay, okay, I can talk, but let's, you know, remember that you have to be very precise when dealing with devils. We can't have any of this wishy-washy, you know, squeeze things through. I mean, we do have a reputation to maintain.
Dimos: We don't care.
Nick Roussos: Oh, you are the fakest, like, Devil out there.
Kostadis Roussos: The fakest?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm a small devil.
Kostadis Roussos: But I haven't.
Dimos: Aspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: I have aspirate! Okay, fine. You know what, I don't want to go back to the… See, if you start killing me, I'm gonna go back into the plains of hell, and it really sucks here, whereas over here, there's so much tasty food. And he keeps eating, oh, this food is so much better than the crap they serve us in hell.
Dimos: So far, we don't plan to kill you, so please…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes, and being next to you means I get to be protected, so I'm very excited.
Dimos: Okay, so… so just answer all our questions without…
Dimos: Any more help, because we are protecting you, as you said.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Oh, so that's the…
Kostadis Roussos: arrangement we're making? Hmm.
Dimos: No, no, that's the first arrangement we made.
Dimos: I can ask as many questions as we want for your protection.
Dimos: And you are helpless.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he, he quickly goes, you could sort of see, you could sort of see him going, going…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it turns out, and we, in fact, did make that arrangement, so we'll just have to… you know what, I'm in a… and, you know, when, when, and he pauses, when in the prime material plane do is the prime material plane?
Dimos: J?
Kostadis Roussos: Prime material plane is the plane you're in.
Dimos: Yeah, I know, I got that, but I didn't get there.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it…
Nick Roussos: What did Rome do what the Romans do?
Dimos: Okay.
Nick Roussos: You know that thing?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so he's… he's saying, when in the prime material plane do as the prime material planers?
Dimos: Okay, play nurse, okay, excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: I should have said planers, I… I mumbled. All right. Okay, so he goes…
Dimos: I have two questions more of Juan, is Vraxen gonna hear everyone, or we have to specify… have…
Dimos: personnel.
Dimos: That is gonna say that the giant is stealing from here and start the war.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, you're, no, you're gonna have to bring it up.
Dimos: No, I mean, who has to bring it back? Because I guess one of the…
Dimos: Servants, if it says so, it's not gonna be very believable.
Kostadis Roussos: One of the ga- oh, one of the guests are gonna have to say it.
Dimos: Okay, so one of the guests.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so you guys have to be invited to the table.
Dimos: Or manipulate one of the guests to say that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, one of the guests has to say it.
Dimos: So we just have to hear a voice of a guest.
Dimos: So we can mimic it to say that thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you're gonna have to get into the room.
Dimos: That's a difference, so we just need to do that, so we don't need to be in the room, we just have to be in the entrance of the room.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Right?
Nick Roussos: No one else was in the room where it happened, the room where it happened, the room where… sorry.
Dimos: So, yeah, we don't need to be invited in the room, we just have to be close to the room to say.
Nick Roussos: You gotta know what happened in… you just gotta know what happened.
Nick Roussos: I think that's sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, so, so the, the, the, the, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Pipcap's very confused, and he goes, why don't you just sit at the table and manipulate all those guys? They're all a bunch of psychos. They're demons, for crying out loud.
Dimos: We don't want to be seen
Dimos: And someone noticed that we shouldn't be there.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's the whole point. You get invited into the dinner, you just go in there and say.
Dimos: Whatever we want, but yeah, how do we get invited to the dinner?
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses. He looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: you have stuff that you could say that you're selling, you could say that you came from Hills Far with information.
Kostadis Roussos: You could even say that you know who killed Malcolm Grennenfeld.
Kostadis Roussos: You, heck, if you really have ballsy, you could say you killed her yourself!
Dimos: Yeah, that's a problem. That's a problem. We are kind of wounded everywhere.
Dimos: Oh!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, but, but, like, you know, so that's why you have, seeming, the seeming scroll, remember?
Kostadis Roussos: That was one of the scrolls.
Dimos: Oh, right, yeah, right.
Dimos: So, the thing is, my plan is to start as quickly the war as possible, so we can run up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: To get the book, but if we're invited there, they're gonna see us leaving, so that's gonna be suspicious.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you start the ba- if you start the fighting during the dinner, they won't.
Kostadis Roussos: Take a call.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so just so you know, demons… Demons don't do, like, devil…
Dimos: tunnel vision.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Their solution to everything is Smash.
Kostadis Roussos: Fire giants.
Kostadis Roussos: Fire Giants, among all of the giant kind, also see everything as kill, then smash. Or smash, then kill.
Kostadis Roussos: So, a demon… So then, Braxton is a parano… is a paranoid accountant.
Kostadis Roussos: So it shouldn't take too much effort to get them to start screaming at each other. And Pipyat says you probably want to do that, because Vraxen has the key on his person.
Dimos: What key?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you said you wanted to go up into the vaults.
Dimos: Okay, so that was the next question, how it would go up and how it looks like going up?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he says, I haven't been up there, though, but I'm… but the key to going up is the key.
Dimos: So, Vraxen has a key on himself.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Is that key movable by telekinesis from dying?
Kostadis Roussos: Everything is possible, yes. It's not particularly… I mean, Magic Hand could move it, lots of things could move it.
Kostadis Roussos: An arrow hitting it could move it.
Dimos: I'm thinking because for that kinetic movement, has the target to be a loose object. Is it considered a loose object?
Kostadis Roussos: If he's currently distracted in a fight with the fire giant, yes. If he's not, no, because he's probably holding it or fidgeting with it.
Dimos: Okay.
Dimos: Okay, great, so that's a plan.
Dimos: So, we're going inside there.
Dimos: So, how do we get invited? Do we go to the front guards and say.
Dimos: We are from Hillsford and have information that Raxon wants.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a… that is actually a… yes, that's a totally plausible strategy.
Kostadis Roussos: And we're just gonna…
Dimos: Don't let us in.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you'd better have good information.
Dimos: I mean, we're not gonna tell them, we're gonna have to tell the Brax, and they're none of the.
Kostadis Roussos: Falco, roll an insight check.
Dimos: Why Falkor?
Kostadis Roussos: Because I want… because this would be what Felker would think.
Nick Roussos: Alright, insect… 22?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you have the insight to ask who else other than
Kostadis Roussos: The Fire Giant and, Veprid are gonna be at the dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to ask it or not?
Nick Roussos: Yeah, who else is gonna be there?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, oh, high cleric, high magic, high, high, Inquisitor Varys of Molemaster.
Kostadis Roussos: That is literally the guy who's looking for you.
Kostadis Roussos: But doesn't know… doesn't know that he's looking for you.
Nick Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an insight. Roll an insight, Chuck.
Nick Roussos: Another one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Nick Roussos: Net 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you've immediately figured out the double-cross that Marim Ilvos was engaged in.
Kostadis Roussos: Mayorim Ilvas probably told the High Inquisitor that there was a book, the Lexicon of Oath has the information that you're… the…
Kostadis Roussos: thief, right? And then, he told you, if you don't get the book, he'll tell them, he'll tell them.
Kostadis Roussos: That way, he didn't… that way, he didn't break either… he didn't break the first contract.
Dimos: So, by getting the book, he's not gonna find out that Felicor is a thief.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: If Elker gets the book… if Elker gets the book first.
Dimos: Okay, so we have to get…
Dimos: the book first, that's fine, I don't see a problem with that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but… but that… now all of you roll in. The other… the last piece of insight you get, Felcor, is that
Kostadis Roussos: The easiest way to get invited is to say that you have information about the thief.
Kostadis Roussos: The Phantom Ghost.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? That while you were in Hillsfire, you heard rumors about it, and that you heard that there was a High Inquisitor of Molemaster, and that you had information.
Nick Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? That would definitely get… want Varys to have you come to the dinner and say that, you know, you're… you're tradespeople, you have this, that, and the other, and you have this, and you'd be love… you'd love an opportunity to talk to the Arcano Loth, and you have information that High… that you've heard that the High Inquisitor, Varys, is here, might find interesting.
Nick Roussos: I'll… I'll be like, yo,
Nick Roussos: Alright, yeah, I'll do that. Get invited.
Kostadis Roussos: to get some of that.
Dimos: That's the way we're gonna get invited in, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna go with the, we have information that the high… the Heinquit…
Dimos: For Thief, the ghost of… Yeah, the white ghost, huh? The fandom ghost, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the Phantom Ghost. You have information about the Phantom Ghost. Of course, everybody has made those claims about the Phantom Ghost, so you have to come up with a reason why, so what would be the plausible reason why?
Dimos: we killed a guy, the kills for our guy, so we have… we are more credible? I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the Hillspark guy may have had information.
Dimos: Yeah.
Dimos: So, we can say that.
Dimos: If that doesn't get us locked up.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, I mean, you don't have to say you kill, you could say that after all the unfortunate accidents happened, you happened to be on the site to steal stuff and found something of value.
Dimos: Find, like, a scroll that… Had information about…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Yeah, we could go for something like that, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, is that your plan?
Dimos: I-I guess so, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, plant, the options are, you go bluffin' and say you're tradespeople.
Dimos: Well, we are.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. The second is, you say… but general tradespeople, right?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. The second is, you know, you go in saying, we're the guys who got rid of Malkin and Grenenfeld, and, you know, we're here to join the powerful alliance of the… and we just, you know, we aren't goody-two-shoes, we're, like, all about the power, and we want to join you guys against the surface world that has treated us poorly.
Dimos: I don't like that idea at all, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm just… I'm throwing them out there. Third idea is the one you just came up with, we just came up with, where you're basically saying, we're from above, we… there was chaos up there, we managed to secure the information.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that your plan?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you arrive… are you going to disguise yourselves, or are you going to just look like the way you are?
Dimos: I mean, do we look like people that are from Hillspa or that area?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do, definitely.
Dimos: So, we don't need discussions.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Dimos: We don't need, you know, we don't need to disguise ourselves, except if there's, like, posters of us down here.
Kostadis Roussos: No, there's no posters of you.
Dimos: Is anyone looking for us? Knowingly looking for us.
Kostadis Roussos: You have… no, the Fire Giants don't consider you a threat.
Dimos: So yeah, I don't think we need to…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Dimos: Yeah, probably if everything goes bad, we're gonna use the scroll to hide ourselves with the servants, and then get away.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: Or something like that, so we'll have it as a backup plan to…
Dimos: Change ourselves in the midst of chaos.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sounds good. Alright. Alright, that sounds like a plan. Alright, so you arrive…
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive at the spire, and there, as Pip Yap said, there is a collection of guards whose apparently only job is to tell people no.
Kostadis Roussos: So the first thing you're gonna have to do is sort of march up there and, like, get them to pay attention to you, so…
Nick Roussos: Got it done soon!
Dimos: I mean, aren't we, like… interesting individuals that they're gonna notice us. I mean, we're not from around here.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know, yes, you are interesting. One of the things is you're interesting, but you're not slaves, and you're not giants, and so they're kind of intrigued that you're even here.
Dimos: So, yeah, we have their attention.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, they go. What are you doing here, slaves, and why are you armed?
Dimos: Slaves?
Kostadis Roussos: All those… all those who are not giants are slaves. All those who are not demons are slaves.
Dimos: We're traders, not slaves.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll your persuasion.
Dimos: Let's see who has a good persuasion. Braumu has a plus 5…
Dimos: I think that's the best one we have.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Dimos: That's an 8. Does she get help from Diane?
Kostadis Roussos: Of course.
Dimos: Great.
Dimos: That's a 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, Diane, Bromgrim goes, we're in the business of, selling goods, and Bromgrim sort of steps, pushes him aside and says, what does he say?
Dimos: Like… We're here for, braxton's interest? I don't know, I'm not playing Browngrave.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Diane, you're dying.
Dimos: Oh, I'm playing di- so… Wicked.
Kostadis Roussos: Grim Grimmel.
Dimos: Critical, critical information, and…
Dimos: like, stuff to… for Vraxen that he personally asked us to bring him today.
Kostadis Roussos: They are very impressed. They said, whoa!
Kostadis Roussos: Well, clearly something must be going off, because you were invited into the dinner.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you walk into the dinner dining hall.
Kostadis Roussos: And at the dining hall, there is indeed the peculiar table, where from outside, everybody looks like, you know, you've got a giant sitting at it, and, like, a demon, and a human, and it… and yet you're… and it looks… you're kind of like, how do they even… but they seem to be talking to each other as if they can see each other at face level.
Kostadis Roussos: But from the outside, it appears completely distorted.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so it looks like a giant sitting at a table, next to a human sitting across from a human.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, and so, it looks like you would expect if it was in reality, but when you get close to the table, you will… it will… because if they're all sitting at the table normally.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Raxon sees you. Some guests who said they have information!
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Please introduce yourselves, for the purposes… please introduce yourselves. You are…
Dimos: We're just common travelers from Hillsford coming down here to Drait.
Dimos: Get treated and trade out information.
Kostadis Roussos: Information! Information? Okay. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you prefer.
Dimos: Probably, no, we cannot do that without our empty stomachs and without a bit of good ill, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes, please, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: I,
Kostadis Roussos: To his right, the Vraxen the Auditor, his fox-like, arcanealoth face illuminated… is illuminated by flickering Soul Fire candles. To his right, General Vepyard, a fire giant, whose skin literally weeps, oily black smoke, is tearing into a slab of Hydra heart with his bare hands.
Kostadis Roussos: Across from them sits High Close Varys, the Mole Master Mage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. You and your companions have been ushered in. The air is thick with the scent of sulfur, expensive wine, and metallic ozone.
Kostadis Roussos: As you sit down, he goes, The tribute from the Colosseum is insufficient, General, the Arcanaloth purrs, his voice like dry parchment.
Kostadis Roussos: 3,000 gold pieces have evaporated since the last month. Moon, tell me, do you eat the coin, or is the demon blood you crave simply cost that much?
Kostadis Roussos: General Vepard slams a massive fist into the table, making the wine glasses rattle. The abyss demands sacrifice, auditor! I keep your arenas full and your slaves broken! Do not lecture me on copper while the drow rebels sharpen their blades at our very gates.
Kostadis Roussos: High Cloak Varys, who's been watching you with unnerving intensity, taps his glass to silence them. He ignores the bickering and fixes his cold, magical glaze on Felcor. Master! Master Felcor?
Nick Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: His voice cutting through the tension. You claim to be a merchant of rare components.
Kostadis Roussos: Yet your hands have the distinct stains of a master-smith.
Kostadis Roussos: And your eyes have the look of someone who has been inside of a Mulemaster cell. Tell me, do you find the refreshing breeze off the Iron Peaks to be to your liking this time of year, or do you find your… our city's ash more nostalgic?
Nick Roussos: Repeat, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'll just put it… I'll put it in the, Zoom chat.
Dimos: Basically, just interrupt and don't… give an answer, so Falco doesn't need to give an answer.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okie dokie, so…
Dimos: I feel like it's gonna be, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Diane, the tension is rising. How do you interject to redirect various suspicion?
Dimos: So, Diane's gonna talk to, Vrax and Vapor loudly, so…
Dimos: Pelcro cannot answer back, like, okay, oh, so we have traveled here, and we are very interesting to go into the Colosseum, and what's your betting system? Can we bet on what demon or slave is gonna die, or… And start a conversation like that, and what's your commission, Vapyard?
Dimos: on all that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: To steer the conversation to there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a D20. Persuasion.
Dimos: Okay… That's a 9. Does she get… does Brumgar gets help again?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The…
Dimos: That's 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So he helps.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: So you rolled an 18?
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you just, you just throw it, you just throw it out there? He goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Braxton, the…
Dimos: I'm just saying.
Dimos: interesting, I'm going to the Colosseum for…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Vraxen turns to him. Yes, Vapaird, tell us exactly how the betting works, and tell us exactly how the money moves from the bettor to your
Kostadis Roussos: Pool and into my coffers.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, you dare take these questions? And I have crushed less than rebels for less than that insult, Vraxen, you accuse me of theft?
Kostadis Roussos: High Cloak Varys is livid. He sees that you have successfully derailed the interrogations. He slams his hand on the table, trying to bring the focus back to Felker.
Kostadis Roussos: Vraxen! Vraxen? He is playing you! The gnome is… shut up! Human! The General bellows, the force of his voice rattling the obsidian Teller.
Kostadis Roussos: table. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, acuritas.
Kostadis Roussos: You are… you… this is the moment. The runic Kia slid out from under the napkin as dangling off of the obsidian table as both of them sort of are at each other's throats.
Dimos: So, it's a loose object?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So Kenitis can use their sleight of hand.
Kostadis Roussos: Felcor!
Kostadis Roussos: You can use the noise and the shouting to whisper to your owlbear. You can command it to act out to provide even more cover.
Dimos: I mean, we… we don't want to go close to them, so probably Diane is gonna use this telekinetic movement to get the key.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna use the telekinetic movement.
Dimos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: So, I don't know if you want me to roll anything, or it just works, because it doesn't have a saving throw or something.
Dimos: Except if you want to look, like, sleight of Hunt or stealth, so to see if…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you have to roll a 15 sleight of hand if you want to do it without them noticing, and to do it, you just need to roll an 8 for sleight of hand.
Dimos: Okay, so it's just an 8.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just an 8 to get it, but they will notice… he will notice it when it… he will… he has a chance of noticing that it went missing.
Dimos: Okay… and 15, so he doesn't notice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: 8, you get it. 15, he doesn't note it. If you don't get it, he notices nothing. Does that make sense?
Dimos: Okay… I'm trying to think of a lie, if he could…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, hold on, this is what I'm trying to tell you. Felcor… Felcor can try to give you advantage by having the Owlbear act out at this point in time.
Dimos: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Pelker, what do you want to tell the, the owlbear?
Kostadis Roussos: Nick?
Nick Roussos: I'm… Balboard just… It may cause a distraction if it wants, if it…
Dimos: We're, like, on top.
Kostadis Roussos: fractured.
Dimos: I wanted to jump on the team.
Kostadis Roussos: table and start eating the food, you want it to, like, roar. I mean, this thing is massive, right?
Nick Roussos: Knock over something.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, like, everybody's thumping, so it too wants to… you wanna tell it to start thumping?
Nick Roussos: Yeah, like, knock over some chandelier or, like, some… the table or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the owlbear… the owlbear jumps on the table and starts pounding, because everybody is pounding, so it assumes that this is a pounding room.
Kostadis Roussos: And screams at the top of its lungs. Alright, so you have a plus 3 bonus as a result.
Dimos: Plus 3, okay?
Dimos: That's a 17 plus 320.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you managed to grab the key.
Dimos: Great, we have the key.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Dimos: They are still stomping, they are still angry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're still angry.
Kostadis Roussos: You can now tr… Yes.
Dimos: I'm trying to think, like, maybe we need to push them a little further to start hitting each other.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: But, everyone is get ready… is getting ready to… Go off from upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos: So… how can we push them at the edge and start hitting themselves?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The General stands up, his massive chair clattering back, his skin is sweeping so much black smoke that the ceiling is disappearing into a toxic cloud. Vraxen is standing on the table, his fox clouds extended, shrieking about Audit violations! This is what… there is money! Meanwhile, Highcloak Varys, who sees… had noticed you moving, he's reaching for his staff, his eyes darting towards the empty space where the key
Kostadis Roussos: Used to be.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you can try to do a final straw accusation, make Vraxen order his guards to arrest the general.
Kostadis Roussos: Braumgrim can potentially cast a Thamorturgy to make the general's voice sound like it's calling for an abyssal strike.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, you know, blow something up.
Kostadis Roussos: Felcor…
Dimos: My idea, sir, is, like, to use, an illusion to…
Dimos: Make someone talk, so they go over the edge, but you said the… Molemaster, if I'm not…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the Mole Master, so the Mole…
Dimos: But I'll notice that the key is missing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So we're probably gonna need to disguise ourselves with a scroll, so we lose him when they start fighting.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, unless you could get all 3 of them in a fight.
Dimos: Okay, so… The idea is… Us.
Dimos: illusion, Molemaster talks, and says that he is with the giant, and says that they are both stealing the money from Raxon.
Dimos: So, Varaxin is annoyed to both of them, and starts fighting with both of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just, like, roll an insight.
Dimos: A grouping site?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you… one of you can roll an insight.
Kostadis Roussos: whoever's.
Dimos: We're gonna do…
Kostadis Roussos: Diane, Diane, you're gonna do it, so rollin' insight.
Dimos: Can he get help because he wrote the 10, or 10 is enough?
Kostadis Roussos: He probably needs some help.
Dimos: Okay, so he gets.
Nick Roussos: I'll give help.
Dimos: re… okay.
Dimos: Six.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, well, okay, so, okay. You sense there is something better you could say, so let me ask, do you want to try some… do you want to go with what you're saying, or just say it?
Dimos: There's something better that the mold master can say.
Kostadis Roussos: Because right now, what you've done is you've made the Mole Master appear like an ally to the giant. That's not going to necessarily create a three-way fight.
Dimos: The other idea is to make the mold monster say something, that, like, he stole something from that, or he's just using the Rexon to get information, or something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so just to help you a little bit, the auditor, right?
Kostadis Roussos: is… is obsessed with the money. And your idea is, let's have the Mole Master say that, you know, I was stealing with a giant. But what if the Mole Master said he was also stealing… that he's pissed off because that 3,000 gold was supposed to go to him for some other deal?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Or… or make… or give… give Braxen… give the giant a reason to want to kill both of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, or you could just.
Dimos: J…
Kostadis Roussos: Or you could just do… or you could just do that.
Dimos: Okay, can't we just say that, but not give you the exact saying, what the.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, alright, so you're gonna try to say, okay, alright, so.
Dimos: So, Diane has to cast, Minor Illusion, I guess?
Kostadis Roussos: The other, blah blah blah, you're gonna do a minor illusion? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, do a artificer.
Kostadis Roussos: DC17.
Dimos: well, I mean, Felcro has, DC19.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, no, no, but he has to… no, no, he has to beat a 17, so roll with his, Arcana…
Dimos: So, who has to roll the what? I'm confused.
Kostadis Roussos: The artificer has to roll over a 17.
Dimos: So, Fancore.
Nick Roussos: DC what?
Kostadis Roussos: 17,
Kostadis Roussos: Well, whichever one, something that requires either intelligence or dexterity, or charisma, so pick one of those.
Nick Roussos: Investigation?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, tell me how investigation… how we'd use investigation.
Kostadis Roussos: Investigation typically means you notice something.
Nick Roussos: Notice if he's, like, sweating or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, okay, go for it.
Nick Roussos: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The Vraxen says, Treason! Guards! Flay the general! Vippard bellows. Abyssal fire, take you all! If I'm a debtor, I will pay you in your own blood! The Molemaster cloaks her like.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, this is not… They're all now engaged in a three-way fight.
Dimos: Okay, so we live.
Kostadis Roussos: You leave.
Nick Roussos: Just dip at this point.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: And going upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: The… the… you run upstairs, and it's 11.30, so we should stop.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Was this fun?
Dimos: Do you have?
Dimos: I mean, let's hope we don't have any other talents, and we just can go home.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the next thing is to get up into the room.
Dimos: Get the off book.
Dimos: And then go to the top, top room to get teleportation device to work.
Kostadis Roussos: Get the… and get the hell out of here.
Dimos: Yeah, I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: As you look around, you notice that Pip Yap is no longer with you.
Dimos: I don't like that you said that.
Dimos: That's a bit.
Kostadis Roussos: The cab was not gonna… what?
Dimos: I'm just saying, I don't like that.
Dimos: I understood that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, okay. All right, guys, shall we, shall we get together next week?
Nick Roussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, what's your schedule looking like?
Nick Roussos: I have a track meet and a… it'll have to be later in the day, because I have a track meet and a game next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you stay up later, Demos?
Dimos: Yeah, I mean, it's early, it's 8.30 here, so… We can play later.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that cool?
Dimos: Yeah.
Dimos: I don't have a problem, even if you say, like, your evening is my midnight, so yeah, we can play.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Nick, shall we?
Nick Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Fun? Did we have fun today?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's see the transcript… End the meeting. Alright, see you guys. Que vimo!
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Achfada rakimu Mikross!
Nick Roussos: The.
Dimos: See you, Nick. It's not certain yet.
Kostadis Roussos: You threw that in there.
Dimos: y abstusto.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeti.
Dimos: Yetiarrisano.